feat(Monitor) : Add monitor for operator (#20)
aerogear/mobile-developer-console-operator: README.adoc

kubectl get mdc example-mdc -n mobile-developer-console -o yaml
....

== Monitoring Service (Metrics)

The application-monitoring stack provisioned by the
https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[application-monitoring-operator] on https://github.com/integr8ly[Integr8ly]

> can be used to gather metrics from this operator and the mobile security service. These metrics can be used by Integr8ly's application monitoring to generate Prometheus metrics, AlertManager alerts and a Grafana dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be used to gather metrics from this operator and the mobile developer console. These metrics can be used by Integr8ly's application monitoring to generate Prometheus metrics, AlertManager alerts and a Grafana dashboard.
```

> It is required that the https://github.com/integr8ly/grafana-operator[integr8ly/Grafana] and https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator[Prometheus] operators are installed. For further detail see https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required that the https://github.com/integr8ly/grafana-operator[integr8ly/Grafana] and https://github.com/coreos/prometheus-operator[Prometheus] operators are installed. For further details see https://github.com/integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator[integr8ly/application-monitoring-operator].
```

> The following commands will enable the monitoring service where the operator has been installed in the default namespace with the make commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands will enable the monitoring service where the operator has been installed in the `mobile-developer-console` namespace with the make commands.
```

Saying 'default namespace' is a little confusing, since there's a namespace called `default`.

[source,shell]
----
make monitoring/install
----

> IMPORTANT: The namespaces are setup manually in the files link:./deploy/monitor/service_monitor.yaml[ServiceMonitor], link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus_rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules], link:./deploy/monitor/operator-service.yaml[Operator Service], and link:./deploy/monitor/grafana-dashboard[Grafana Dashboard]. Following an example from the link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus_rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules]. You should replace them if the operator is not installed in the default namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The namespaces are set manually in the files link:./deploy/monitor/service_monitor.yaml[ServiceMonitor], link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus_rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules], link:./deploy/monitor/operator-service.yaml[Operator Service], and link:./deploy/monitor/grafana-dashboard[Grafana Dashboard]. The following is an example from the link:./deploy/monitor/prometheus_rule.yaml[Prometheus Rules]. You should replace them if the operator is not installed in the `mobile-developer-console` namespace.
```

[source,yaml]
----
  expr: |

>           (1-absent(kube_pod_status_ready{condition="true", namespace="mobile-security-service"})) or sum(kube_pod_status_ready{condition="true", namespace="mobile-security-service"}) != 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          (1-absent(kube_pod_status_ready{condition="true", namespace="mobile-developer-console"})) or sum(kube_pod_status_ready{condition="true", namespace="mobile-developer-console"}) != 3
```
